readme.md, before:

# Kirby Auto Publish

This plugin extends [Kirby](http://getkirby.com) with the possibility to auto publish pages that are created with the Kirby Admin Panel.

By default new pages are invisible on creation. This plugin allows you to make all new pages or certain types of pages visible by default.

## Version compatibility

- version 1.* is compatible with Kirby 2.1
- version 2.* is compatible with Kirby 2.2

## Installation

Copy the `site/plugins/autopublish` directory to your `site/plugins/` directory.

## Usage

If you include the plugin without configuration all new pages created in the Admin Panel will be visible by default.

If you want to limit the auto publishing to certain types (templates) of pages, you can define those by configuring the `autopublish.templates` option to the array of page templates you want to make visible by default.

i.e. if you wish to make all pages using the "project" and "item" template visible by default, add the following line to your `site/config/config.php` file :

```
c::set('autopublish.templates', array('project', 'item'));
```

## Known issues

The plugin can conflict with other code or plugins that use the `panel.page.create` hook.

---

This plugin is brought to you by [Kirby Project Hub](https://www.project-hub.net)

Commit message:

Fixes and merges with div. pull requests.

readme.md, after:

# Kirby Auto Publish

This plugin extends [Kirby](http://getkirby.com) with the possibility to auto publish pages that are created with the Kirby Admin Panel.

By default new pages are invisible on creation. This plugin allows you to make all new pages or certain types of pages visible by default.

## Installation

Copy or link the `autopublish` directory to `site/plugins/` **or** use the [Kirby CLI](https://github.com/getkirby/cli):

```
kirby plugin:install schnti/kirby-autopublish
```

## Usage

If you include the plugin without configuration all new pages created in the Admin Panel will be visible by default.

If you want to limit the auto publishing to certain types (templates) of pages, you can define those by configuring the `ka.autopublish.templates` option to the array of page templates you want to make visible by default.

i.e. if you wish to make all pages using the "project" and "item" template visible by default, add the following line to your `site/config/config.php` file :

```
c::set('ka.autopublish.templates', array('project', 'item'));
```

## Known issues

The plugin can conflict with other code or plugins that use the `panel.page.create` hook.
